

Create Mainframe Data Set Help


Purpose of data sets:

    The data sets contain text identical to the DeltaUSA hardcopy
    reports generated by the Deltanet maintained Easytrive members.
    The data sets are created using these same members.  There is one
    Easytrive for each Deltanet claims processing region.

        WTHHAL05 for the Alabama region
        WTHHFL05 for the Florida region
        WTHHGA05 for the Georgia region
        WTHHLA05 for the Louisiana region
        WTHHMS05 for the Mississippi region
        WTHHTX05 for the Texas region
        WTHHUT05 for the Utah region

    The information in the data sets is required to calculate:

    * the amount due to other Delta plans for accessing their
      provider files
    * the amount of claims withholds
    * the number and amount of claims for DeltaUSA groups
    * the service fee admin

Note: Easytrieve jobs should be run before 8AM or after 5PM
      Pacific Time to avoid mainframe use charges.  To run a
      report immediately, change the class option on line 2
      of the job to 'CLASS = M'.  To schedule a job to run over-
      night, change the class to 'CLASS = Q'.

Instructions:

1.  Access the TSO Region through Attachmate Extra! / Session1
    by choosing option 'M' at the Deltanet Menu.

2.  Enter TSO signon name and password.  Wait for '***' to
    appear on screen.
 
3.  Hit 'enter' and wait for 'Data set allocations in progess'
    and '***' to appear.

4.  Hit 'enter' for the next screen.

5.  At 'Option==>' enter '1' to view the jobs, or enter '2' to
    edit the jobs if necessary.  Press 'enter'.

6.  The Project library appears.  Press 'enter' again.

7.  A list of the current library's Easytrieve job appears.
    To select the first job, WTHHAL05, enter an 'S' to the
    left of the job name.

8.  Check line 2 to verify appropriate class option as
    discussed in 'Note' above.

9.  Changes the dates on line 17 to the dates for the required
    period.  The dates should be in format yyyymmdd where 
    'yyyy' is the four digit year, 'mm' is the two digit
    month, and 'dd' is the two digit date.  Refer to the
    Check Schedule for the proper date range.

10. Enter 'SUB' at the COMMAND==> prompt to submit the job.

11. Press 'F3' to return to the prior menu and repeat steps
    7 through 10 for the remaining jobs.

12. Enter '20' at the COMMAND==> prompt to view submitted
    jobs.  Enter the letter 'O' to the left of each job 
    to print reports later if HOLD = YES has been inserted
    on line 32.

    Note: No printer command is needed unless 'HOLD = YES' appears
          on line 32.  Jobs are set up to print to 'RMDP1' on the
          12th floor of Delta Tower.

13. Press 'F3' until you return to the main menu and enter 'X'
    to exit.  At the 'READY' prompt type 'LOGOFF' and hit enter.

(Help File: dcdshelp.txt)